# Mobile application

##### Edit the file 'efr32-gateway/src/mobile_application/src/Urls.js' on Line 2-4 to change the API endpoint to your AWS account.
 - export const API_ID = 'API_ID is generated by API Gateway'
 - export const REGION= 'AWS Region is specified by user when creating the API'
 - export const STAGE_NAME= 'specified by user when deploying the API'

##### Edit the file 'efr32-gateway/src/mobile_application/src/Urls.js' on Line 13-20 to change the Embedded endpoint to your aws account embedded endpoint.

 - export const EMBEDDED_BASE_URL = 'Embedded base url';
 - export const USER_ARN = 'User arn';
 - export const APIG_URL = 'APIG url';
 - export const TEMPERATURE_DASHBOARD = 'dashboard created for temperature ';
 - export const HUMIDITY_DASHBOARD = 'dashboard created for humidity';
 - export const CO2_DASHBOARD = 'dashboard created for co2';
 - export const PIR_DASHBOARD = 'dashboard created for PIR';
 - export const ALL_DASHBOARD = 'dashboard created for all properties';

##### Edit the file 'efr32-gateway/src/mobile_application/aws-exports.js' on Line 5-9 to change the aws account details to your AWS account.

 - "aws_project_region": "user pool region",
 - "aws_cognito_identity_pool_id": "pool id of your cognito identity pool",
 - "aws_cognito_region": "cognito region",
 - "aws_user_pools_id": "user pool id",
 - "aws_user_pools_web_client_id": "pools web client id",

##### Edit the file 'efr32-gateway/src/mobile_application/src/screens/Dashboard.js,Devices.js,HistoricalChart.js' to change the aws IOT core endpoint details to your AWS IOT core endpoint.

 - aws_pubsub_region: 'AWS IOT core endpoint region',
 - aws_pubsub_endpoint: 'wss://<AWS IOT core endpoint>/mqtt',

## One time setup

1. Run `npm install` command in mobile_application directory (to install all packages listed in package.json)
1. `npm install -g @aws-amplify/cli` (needed of the first time set up for each system)
1. `amplify configure` (needed to setup/update amplify account congfiguration needed once not every time for each system)

## Configuring userpool

1. Fill needed details of userpool in aws-exports.js file.

## Developer build for rapid development using ADB

Use below command in mobile_application directory to build the app:

1. After that re-build the app from android studio build option.
   >   Build -> Rebuild Project
1. Run `npm build .`  command.
1. Run `npm start .`
1. From another terminal, run `react-native run-android` command. This will build and launch the application to the connected Android device over the ADB.

## Generate the standalone apk in debug mode for testing

1. Add the JS bundles to the android resources
   ```
   $ react-native bundle --dev false --platform android --entry-file index.js --bundle-output ./android/app/src/main/assets/index.android.bundle --assets-dest ./android/app/src/main/res
   ```
1. Trigger the gradle build from command line.
   ```
   $ cd android
   $ ./gradlew clean assembleDebug
   ```
1. The application shall be generated to the `app/build/outputs/apk/debug/app-debug.apk` directory.
